In the beginning there was the command line. The great benefit of the command line is that it is a linear input and linear output. True, you can do ASCII art, but it's really just one long stream of bits. This works very well with pipes, and in general most everything. Input and output generally behave the same as a file. However, there are two main flaws with a strictly command line approach. First, the command line and Windows don't get along very well. Second, over 90% of people will not like a program with strictly a command line interface, and depending on how complicated the task is, this can reach nearly 100%. For instance, you will be hard-pressed to find a person who sticks with the command line ed to do all their typing. They may go for vi, though, which brings us to ...

Overcomes most of the functional problems of a pure command line interface. Begins the process of hopelessly breaking programs talking together, as although the input could still be piped, the output is not really as readable by a program. The main drawbacks at this point are that you are stuck with ASCII art, which at 80x24 may not give you enough screen space, and you can't make it look with colors (well, you can color the ASCII characters, but that's not quite the same) and squiggles and graphics and variable-width fonts.

1) Do we really need to keep spending all this effort to search shoes?
2) Why don't we need this before boarding a bus, or a train, or a football stadium?
3) Do we really want to have this "Registered Traveler" program (papers, please)?
4) Is there any reason other than nickel and diming that this machine can screen people only if they pay a fee?
5) What happens when someone hides explosives in their pants?
6) If this takes 20-25 seconds, how much is it really going to speed things up?
7) Why does this article presuppose this must be a good idea?

I had the most detailed dream last night, and the strongest sense that I had seen all this at some time in the past, even after I woke up.

It was a TV show called "Repair List". It was kind of like "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego" meets "Survivor". We have this super-evil cartoon villain, who only appears in the animated interludes. He could be straight out of Captain Planet; his mantra is to make the earth filthy so he can take it over. And to save the world: Seven teams of two kids, 8 to 10, doing various environmentally friendly tasks to keep the world safe from the evil monster. And having elimination rounds every two episodes which took the form of a giant obstacle course which took the form of going down 1 and a half miles through waterslides, ladders, poles, etc. There also was a need for picking up weapons and overcoats. (This should be my 1st tip-off I was dreaming).

The kids are all living in a giant house with 2 adult figures in it. They are the only characters that appear both as cartoons and as real people. They are both more or less irresponsible, and they come up with lots of hair-brained schemes. As the last part of the obstacle course is to go through the entire house, some of their ideas like putting plywood over extra staircases and spilling milkshakes over the kitchen floor make the course even more dangerous. Around episode 9 or 10, the "Dad" gets the wonderful idea of driving his car through the house to go rob a bank. He ends up crashing into a wall, and that is the end of the series, with a wonderful last-minute animation of the three remaining teams defeating the evil sludge monster.

And I was one of the contestants (not now, from the time I was remembering it from). I was in the 4th group to be eliminated, but was still on the set when the Dad character actually drove his car into a wall. His secret plan was to take the best people from the two remaining teams and go on a national bank-robbery plan, but it didn't work out. The "Mom" character started going crazy as well and running through the system of dumbwaiters, until she broke her ankle. At one point (and this is the 2nd tip-off), I (right-now) was sufficiently suspicious to get my character to ask what state it was filming in, and got the answer of "California".

I haven't really been looking at the stock market on a regular basis in about 5 years, so it's going to take me a bit of time to adjust to it again, now that I have the question of "What should I do with the significant sums of money earning .2% in my checking account?" So, in a possibly semi-recurring feature, I'm going to look at 3 stocks with a common feature. Please do me a favor and alert me to anything I say which you disagree with. Despite my appearances, I am most definitely NOT an expert.

Today, we use a theory from some random article I found called "Dogs of the S&P 500". The basic theory behind the article is that you can make a profit by investing in the stocks that have done the worst over the past 12 months. Using MSN's "12 Month Relative Strength" feature, I got a list of the 25 "worst" S&P 500 stocks over that period. Some of these were due to spin-offs (Wendy's, CBS), while others were just weak companies (Gateway). I found 3 that I thought from a preliminary indication might have promise.

1) Submit a constitutional amendment requiring all pardons to be ratified by the Senate with a majority vote; requiring all appointments of judges to receive a 2/3 majority vote in the Senate; causing all recess appointments to expire 2 weeks after the Senate returns to active session; and prohibiting a person from being twice appointed by recess appointment to the same position.

2) Remove all limits on immigration from areas designated as humanitarian disasters by a non-political process; this should include North Korea, Iraq, Sudan, and Zimbabwe.

3) Establish stronger usury laws which establish maximum interest rates which include all fees and penalties associated with such. Establish a semi-governmental program to ensure that access to these loans will not be harmed.

4) Establish tariffs on all goods produced by laborers paid at a rate of under USD 2.00 per hour, up to a maximum of 100% of the value of the good.

5) Eliminate the dependency of federal highway funding on the state drinking age.

6) Repeal the entirety of the act.

7) Establish rules to eliminate patent protection for medicines that are advertised.

8) Establish a system of clinics to provide basic health care services to all people.

9) Establish subsidies for rail routes in proportion to the decrease in road traffic it will allow.

10) Prohibit the import or export of all firearms, with minor exceptions for collectibles, hunting, immigration, and emigration.

The presumptive frontrunner since she officially declared for New York Senate on February 6, 2000, Hillary has not done anything to lose that position. 14 months is a long time to be a favorite in politics, but after already being in the White House for 8 years Hillary is as practiced at dealing with a long-term attack as anybody in the country. She has to be considered the "favorite", but even still is less than 30% to win.

t starts out simple. A young ideologue, an army officer, sees the conditions of the masses, and is appalled. Rich oil barons and government officials make millions of American dollars, while many of the poorest can barely afford the basic commodities. From his studies, he knows that the two types of power are money and people, and while the poor may not have money, there are a lot of them. So he works with them to try to get a small improvement in their lifestyle. Perhaps a protest against yet another charge for basic necessities, or a petition for improved working conditions at a petrochemical facility. The effort is successful, the masses are better off, business has not collapsed, everyone is happy.

But not forever. The poor are still poor, and the rich are still rich. So he tries again. This time, it's a bigger effort. Ten thousand people in the streets, protesting a local government selling oil rights to a multinational. The effort is not flawless, with several people being injured in skirmishes with police. However, after 3 days of protests, a "renegotiation" of the deal is announced, which substatially scales down the size of the project and increases the payments to the local state.

Our young ideologue is now a Colonel in the army. He has used his position to fashion himself as a modern-day Robin Hood; to ensure that when the interests of the poor go up against the interests of big business, the men with guns are on the side of the poor. However, both the national government and business leaders are very wary of him. They are concerned that he might harm the position of privilege that they now enjoy. They feel that his policies are mis-informed, and detrimental to all society. They feel that left unchecked, he will destroy the economic future of everyone in this country. While he is popular enough they cannot arrest him on trumped up charges or assassinate him without risking significant unrest and possible legal repercussions, they can act to weaken his strength.

This policy continues until our colonel can no longer tolerate these rather obvious obstacles to anything he attempts to do. Sensing that his position is strong, he attempts to solve the entire problem of the government and business in one fell swoop. Sympathetic army units seize control of several major cities; the elected president is at a trade conference in; our colonel gives a speech on all the TV stations that a new reign of prosperity for all is nigh. But within 48 hours, his position looks much weaker. It is evident that a majority of the army still favors the elected government. Only Cuba has recognized the new government as legitimate. Sensing a brutal conflict which would cause a worse situation than before, our colonel peacefully ends the coup and surrenders. The terms of his surrender call for his "indefinite imprisonment", but leave his supporters in the effort mostly in the same position as before.

Years pass. Our colonel sits in prison, as several years pass. A new government is elected that distances itself from the most unpopular positions of the previous government and the personally unpopular former leader, but generally stays the same. Our colonel has become a folk hero in parts of the country, and his failed coup is remembered less than his previous beneficial works. After 28 months, he is pardoned for his previous acts. He is stripped of all his military status, but is otherwise free to continue his life. And continue he does. After seeing what the powerful interests will do to sabotage the poor, he decides to try to work within legal means to subvert the system. He continues to build political support, and a few years later runs for president of his country. The business interests come out in force against him, but this only serves to help his campaign. He is elected in a landslide, by a 25% margin.

A few years later, there is another coup attempt, this time from business interests. In his first few years as president, some foreign countries have opposed his government, but there have not been serious efforts to remove him from office or prevent his relatively modest development plans. The coup fails miserably, but our president is not content to let them sit back and prepare for another, more successful effort. He has learned a lesson from his own treatment and knows that he must strike now, to establish a true socialist system for the people of his great country. He waits for a weak reason to strike and sends the army in to nationalize several of the biggest foreign companies. 4 of the largest oil fields are seized.